---
layout: default
parent: MIT Aquarium Hunt Puzzles
title: Aquarium Hunt 2013.
---
# Aquarium Hunt 2013

## Link to the [Hunt], includes checker


This puzzle hunt has 9 parts, 8 feeder parts and 1 META. Below I will have my approach along with the solution for each of the puzzles.

---
### 1. Alter Rivals

Link to [Part 1]

<details markdown="block">
<summary size> Approach and Solution </summary>
Looking past the converstion between the "Customer" and "You". We are greeted by the main body of the puzzle, which in this case happens to be a block of text. 

Skimming thorugh the text 2 things immediately stand out
-  *Almost* nothing is capitalized, The first word of every sentence is lowercase, the pronoun "I" which is always uppercase is *never* capitalized in this block of text. 
-  Since a majority of the text is lowercase the words that are capitalized stand out greatly.

As such I decided to focus on these select words/letters. They are the following: 
- Visa
- Boeing
- Omega
- AT&T 
- Duracell
- MegaBloks


My first instinct was to take the letters that were capitalized (i.e **V** from Visa) and see if they form anything meaningful. Unfortunatley the letters "VBOATTDM", or "VBOADM"/"VBOTDM" (Using only the **A** or **T** from AT&T) didn't anagram or decipher into any meaningful words. 

After a period of thinking I noticed a detail I glossed over earlier. All of the aforementioned words were large brands/companies, using the hint provided by the title of the puzzle I decided to look into the "rivals" of these companies. Here I compiled a list.
- **Visa**: American Express, MasterCard, Discover
- **Boeing**: Airbus
- **Omega**: Rolex, Patek, Breitling
- **AT&T**: T-Mobile, Version
- **Duracell**: Energizer, Panasonic
- **MegaBloks**: Lego


Taking the first letter of the categories I'm fairly certain in we have:

    _ A _ _ _ L

After some guess and check, the only word I got that made any sense was 

    MARVEL

In which you select, *MasterCard*, *Airbus*, *Rolex*, *Verison*, *Energizer*, *Lego*.

Marvel however is not yet the answer. Using the "Alter Rivals" theme provided by the title we find the "rival" for Marvel which is DC also known as **DC Comics** 
</details>
 
---
### 2. Parallel Enclousures

Link to [Part 2]

---
### 3. Company Timpani

Link to [Part 3]

<details markdown="block">
<summary> Approach and Solution </summary>
This part was easy, just some wordplay

- Reimburse (Pay) & Friend (Pal) -> **PayPal**
- Slime (Goo) & Seabird (Gull) -> **Google**
- First name of Hermione (Emma) & Boy child of Father (Son) -> **Amazon**
- Phone Downloadable (App) & Boat Shell (Hull) -> **Apple**
- Really Tiny (Micro) & Fluffy (Soft) -> **Microsoft**
- British Fool (Twit) & Sound of Hesitation (Uhh) -> **Twitter**
- Chains are like this (Linked) & Not out (in) -> **LinkedIn**
- Not me (You) & Cylinder (Tube) -> **Youtube**

The numbers on the right side I assumed represented the letter we took in the word.
\\
- PayPal(1) -> P
- Google(3) -> O
- Amazon(2) -> M
- Apple(1) -> A
- Microsoft(2) -> I
- Twitter(2) -> W
- Linkedin(2) -> I
- Youtube(5) -> U

However this doesnt make any sense, so back to the drawing board.

This time around I pay more attention to the provided flavor text. In the conversation it seems that the individual we are trying to help is in some convention with many CEO's that "*don't even seem to know the names of their companies*". 

This makes me believe that rather the number is referring to a letter within the name of the CEO rather than the company.
Doing a little research (remember the year that this was made is 2013), here are the CEOs for the companies above
- PayPal -> *Peter Thiel*(1) -> **P**
- Google -> *Larry Page*(3) -> **R**
- Amazon -> *Jeff Bezos*(2) -> **E**
- Apple -> *Tim Cook*(1) -> **T**
- Microsoft(2) -> *Steve Ballmer* -> **T**
- Twitter(2) -> *Dick Costolo* -> **I**
- Linkedin(2) -> *Jeff Weiner* -> **E**
- Youtube(5) -> *Salar Kamangar* -> **R**

The letters we extracted spells **PRETTIER** which is the answer for this part.
</details>

---
### Part 4: Consolidations

Link to [Part 4]

---
### Part 5: Pneumatic Pneumonia

Link to [Part 5]

---
### Part 6: Cattlegories

Link to [Part 6]

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Approach and Solution</summary>

In my opinion the easiest of the puzzles. The puzzle's title and flavor text clues us that the theme would about cuts of meat.
Immediately here is what I got:

- Picture of Chuck Norris -> **Chuck** Steak
- Picture of Shoulder -> **Shoulder**
- Picture of Burger (Filet O Fish) -> **Filet**
- Picture of Skirt -> **Skirt** Steak
- Picture of Circle -> **Round**
- Picture of Map (flank maneuver) -> **Flank** Steak

After a bit of research the weird tools displayed are referred to as **Shank**, which also happens to be a cut of meat. I also found that for the pottery picture the tools displayed are called **Ribs** which also refers to a cut of meat 

Following the same pattern as before, we use the number inside each image to extract the corresponding letter inside the word. After doing that and arranging them left to right, top to bottom we are left with our final answer **Ranchero**

</details>
---
### Part 7: Contents Included

Link to [Part 7]

---
### Part 8: Tournament of Numbers

Link to [Part 8]

---
### META

Link to [META]

--- 
[Hunt]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/index.html
[Part 1]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/1.pdf
[Part 2]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/2.pdf
[Part 3]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/3.pdf
[Part 4]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/4.pdf
[Part 5]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/5.pdf
[Part 6]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/6.pdf
[Part 7]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/7.pdf
[Part 8]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/8.pdf
[META]: https://puzzles.mit.edu/aquarium/2013/meta.pdf